WPCOMSH: Update Docs Related to Deployment (#42608)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/wpcomsh/README.md

- Browse to http://nginx:8989 in your favorite web client / browser

## Deployment
- After PR is merged, the CI will automatically create a rolling release for you. You can find [automatic release here](https://github.com/Automattic/wpcom-site-helper/releases). The atomic infrastructure monitor releases on this page and pick up the new release and deploy it to all the sites.

> - If you are in hurry and need to deploy urgent release, you can do it manually by creating a new release on GitHub and the atomic infrastructure will pick it up and deploy it to all the sites. To create manual release, You need to use the Monorepo deployment tools available in the `tools` folder in the root. For more information on releasing a plugin go to [the Monorepo deployment docs](../../../docs/monorepo.md#plugin-release-tooling).

Author: I am not sure if this is entirely correct.

Reviewer: I found this FG which might be relevant: PCYsg-Osp-p2

Author: Thanks for providing the field guide.

> - After PR is merged, the CI will automatically create a rolling release for you. You can find [automatic release here](https://github.com/Automattic/wpcom-site-helper/releases). The atomic infrastructure monitor releases on this page and pick up the new release and deploy it to all the sites.
> - If you are in hurry and need to deploy urgent release, you can do it manually by creating a new release on GitHub and the atomic infrastructure will pick it up and deploy it to all the sites. To create manual release, You need to use the Monorepo deployment tools available in the `tools` folder in the root. For more information on releasing a plugin go to [the Monorepo deployment docs](../../../docs/monorepo.md#plugin-release-tooling).
> - You can view your [successful release here](https://github.com/Automattic/wpcom-site-helper/releases).
> - New versions are deployed when our monitoring detects its release.
>   - Note: You can monitor [#atomic-alerts](https://a8c.slack.com/archives/C05GLGHLM8U) channel to see when the new version is deployed.

Reviewer: I think the proposed new paragraphs are a bit redundant with the existing bullet points below. I suggest merging this information into a revised bullet point list to improve clarity.

```suggestion
- After a PR is merged:
  - The CI will automatically create a rolling release. You can find it under [Releases](https://github.com/Automattic/wpcom-site-helper/releases).
  - The Atomic team deploys the current rolling release twice each weekday at 14:00 and 19:00 UTC.
- For urgent deployments, use the Monorepo deployment tools in the `tools` folder in the root. See [the Monorepo deployment docs](../../../docs/monorepo.md#plugin-release-tooling) for more information on releasing a plugin.
- You can verify successful releases on the [Releases page](https://github.com/Automattic/wpcom-site-helper/releases).
- Monitor the [#atomic-alerts](https://a8c.slack.com/archives/C05GLGHLM8U) Slack channel to see when new versions are deployed.
```

Author: Thanks @gcsecsey for suggesting the changes. They look good to me and I have committed them.
